README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="thenewboston logo" src="./svgs/thenewboston-primary.svg" width="400">
</p>

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [What You Will Be Responsible For](#what-you-will-be-responsible-for)
- [Build a Team](#build-a-team)
- [Funding](#funding)
- [How to Submit a Proposal](#how-to-submit-a-proposal)
- [What Next](#what-next)

## Overview

This repository is for project proposals for thenewboston digital currency. Funding will be provided for all projects 
or apps that adheres to the [Rules & Guidelines](https://thenewboston.com/project-proposals/rules).

**Note**: No fund will be provided just for proposing ideas only.

**More info**: https://thenewboston.com/project-proposals/overview

## What You Will Be Responsible For

As project manager, you will be responsible for the following.

- Guiding the success of the project
- Building your team (we can help with recruiting)
- Managing all aspects of the project including planning, design, development, etc…
- Meet checkpoints according to your submitted roadmap timeline
- Provide weekly progress report
- Maintain an active and happy team

## Build a Team

As project manager, you can choose to submit either an individual or team project proposal. If your project requires a 
team of contributors then you will be responsible for choosing your own team. If you would like help with recruiting 
for any positions whether it is designers, developers, quality analysts, etc... please post the role you are looking for 
in the **#recruiting** channel on Slack and our team will help you find a contributor.

## Funding

All the members of approved projects will receive weekly payments with pay per day of 2800 coins.
More Info: https://thenewboston.com/project-proposals/funding

## How to Submit a Proposal

[Click here](https://github.com/thenewboston-developers/Project-Proposals/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Project&template=add-project-proposal.md&title=NAME_OF_YOUR_PROJECT)
to submit a proposal.
Please fill out all required fields. Feel free to include any additional information as well!

## What Next

The team will review your proposal within 2-3 days. Please check back often as there may be additional questions from 
the team on your proposal. If approved the proposal will be labeled **Pending Repository**. You will be required to leave 
a comment with the URL of the project repository before final approval.

After repository URL has been submitted, the proposal will be labeled **Approved** and final terms will be merged into 
this repository.

After the **team formation**, the team leader (or manager) has to provide details of each member of the team. Details include Complete Name, GitHub Username, Slack username, LinkedIn, Role in the team, and the account number where they want to receive payments.

Commit message:

add community and donate section

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img alt="thenewboston logo" src="./svgs/thenewboston-primary.svg" width="400">
</p>

## Table of Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [What You Will Be Responsible For](#what-you-will-be-responsible-for)
- [Build a Team](#build-a-team)
- [Funding](#funding)
- [How to Submit a Proposal](#how-to-submit-a-proposal)
- [What Next](#what-next)
- [Community](#community)
- [Donate](#donate)

## Overview

This repository is for project proposals for thenewboston digital currency. Funding will be provided for all projects 
or apps that adheres to the [Rules & Guidelines](https://thenewboston.com/project-proposals/rules).

**Note**: No fund will be provided just for proposing ideas only.

**More info**: https://thenewboston.com/project-proposals/overview

## What You Will Be Responsible For

As project manager, you will be responsible for the following.

- Guiding the success of the project
- Building your team (we can help with recruiting)
- Managing all aspects of the project including planning, design, development, etc…
- Meet checkpoints according to your submitted roadmap timeline
- Provide weekly progress report
- Maintain an active and happy team

## Build a Team

As project manager, you can choose to submit either an individual or team project proposal. If your project requires a 
team of contributors then you will be responsible for choosing your own team. If you would like help with recruiting 
for any positions whether it is designers, developers, quality analysts, etc... please post the role you are looking for 
in the **#recruiting** channel on Slack and our team will help you find a contributor.

## Funding

All the members of approved projects will receive weekly payments with pay per day of 2800 coins.
More Info: https://thenewboston.com/project-proposals/funding

## How to Submit a Proposal

[Click here](https://github.com/thenewboston-developers/Project-Proposals/issues/new?assignees=&labels=Project&template=add-project-proposal.md&title=NAME_OF_YOUR_PROJECT)
to submit a proposal.
Please fill out all required fields. Feel free to include any additional information as well!

## What Next

The team will review your proposal within 2-3 days. Please check back often as there may be additional questions from 
the team on your proposal. If approved the proposal will be labeled **Pending Repository**. You will be required to leave 
a comment with the URL of the project repository before final approval.

After repository URL has been submitted, the proposal will be labeled **Approved** and final terms will be merged into 
this repository.

After the **team formation**, the team leader (or manager) has to provide details of each member of the team. Details include Full Name, GitHub Username, Slack username, LinkedIn, Role in the team, and the account number where they want to receive payments.

## Community

Join the community to stay updated on the most recent developments, project roadmaps, and random discussions about
completely unrelated topics.

- [thenewboston.com](https://thenewboston.com/)
- [Slack](https://join.slack.com/t/thenewboston/shared_invite/zt-j7j4ie92-ADy7GL3KAzCwSlaAVoDKLw)
- [Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/thenewboston/)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/thenewboston-developers/)
- [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/TheNewBoston-464114846956315/)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/bucky_roberts)
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/user/thenewboston)

## Donate

All donations will go to thenewboston to help fund the team to continue to develop the community and create new content.

| Coin                                                       | Address                                                          |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ![thenewboston Logo](./src/assets/images/thenewboston.png) | b6e21072b6ba2eae6f78bc3ade17f6a561fa4582d5494a5120617f2027d38797 |
| ![Bitcoin Logo](./src/assets/images/bitcoin.png)           | 3GZYi3w3BXQfyb868K2phHjrS4i8LooaHh                               |
| ![Ethereum Logo](./src/assets/images/ethereum.png)         | 0x0E38e2a838F0B20872E5Ff55c82c2EE7509e6d4A                       |
